{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Gill Sans MT Ext Condensed Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rob is the Architect and is very interested in establishing and PaaS solution for Betair - below are some notes captured from email conversations with Rob}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ri-720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hi Corne, just been chatting to Matt about how you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve advanced on docker; super cool. I\u8217\'92m just sharing some thoughts of mine around how I think we should approach machine creation. I am a big fan of Paas; the openshift stack is aligned to run docker.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Have a look through the below and chat some with Mat; Keen to hear thoughts on this as an option}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://openshift.github.io/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf3 https://openshift.github.io/}}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://blog.openshift.com/openshift-v3-platform-combines-docker-kubernetes-atomic-and-more/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf3 https://blog.openshift.com/openshift-v3-platform-combines-docker-kubernetes-atomic-and-more/}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 *The note worthy pieces:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Redhat have been working to productionise docker}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Redhat also have a commercially supported offering of openshift, as well as a cloud offering so there is some good flexibility}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hi Rob,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I completely agree that we should look at providing a platform as a service and get to a point where Dev can provision their own VM\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s / Containers and spin up infrastructure as required. This will be hugely beneficial in getting us to our continuous delivery \u8220\'93goal\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thanks for the links below. \~\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I have started to collect and categorise tools around Docker. (Please add to this if you see anything missing, or stumble upon something).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Containerization technologies like Docker moves so fast and we should constantly look and see what is out there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://confluence.app.betfair/display/AusLinux/Docker+-+Related+Tools"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf3 https://confluence.app.betfair/display/AusLinux/Docker+-+Related+Tools}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Openshift have a few Docker related projects, and seem to be at the cutting edge around containerization tooling, looks very interesting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I will certainly keep working with Matt on Docker. I have also been tasked to compile a report to look at continuous delivery and see how IS can work closer with DEV and allow for automated builds and deployments, promotion of builds to various delivery phases (DEV, PPx, NXT, PROD) and hopefully provide a PaaS solution within the organisation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m aware of some \u8220\'93bare-metal\u8221\'94 servers (6 or 8 of physical racks \endash  not sure about specs) that we could use for a proof of concept PaaS solution. I have in the past worked with OpenStack and it also now supports container/Docker orchestration and we could evaluate this in conjunction with Openshift. }
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Heat"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf3 https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Heat}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is very existing and we have a real opportunity here to make a difference! Lets keep the communication and workgroup going ?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Keep well and chat soon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}